1. Mr. Padjen's code and mine have many differences. In his code he has the ability user to input the size of the simulation and his way of a user input for the simulation is much cleaner than mine given that if there is no input given then the simulation automatically equals planets.txt. He also calls all of updates and draws in a separate universe class instead of in the nbody class like my code did. This organization of code makes his code look a lot cleaner than mine but it means that we have very different simulation files given that his has pretty much been stripped bone dry of much of the code in have in mine.
2. In Mr. Padjen's code he splits his planet string within the body class while I did it within my nbody class and I created my bodies by giving them their different properties separately instead of in one big chunk which on Padjen's behalf creates much cleaner code that does not repeat itself. Another difference in our body codes is that he adjusted his x and y positions within his universe class which I did not do. Apart from those differences and one other one in which I added all the total forces in my nbody class, our calculating forces, acceleration, velocity, and position code is very similar.
3. Creating a separate universe class quite a few advantages in that it helps sectionalize the code and make it much easier to read. It also comes with the advantage of adjusting all of the planets coordinates for the simulation scale in one place. It keeps the code short and easy to understand. A disadvantage of having a separate universe class is that it creates the simulation class rather obsolete given that there is about three lines of actual relevant code in there that hasn't been outsourced to the universe class.
4. Another interesting difference between out codes is how he called forces within each separate body and added them up there while I calculated the forces for each separate body in and then found the total forces outside of that body class. Mr. Padjen's method of approaching this is a much cleaner way than mine is and a much more correct way of doing it given that the total force on the planet is a property of the planet and not of the simulation.
5. Most of my coding strengths come in the form of my ability to solve complex problems and make my way around things that I don't know by using things that I do even if it isn't the most efficient code. This comes especially helpful in situations in which there are simple methods that could make things easier like the private method in Mr. Padjen's code which I don't know but I still found my own way to do it. However this strength comes with a major weakness in that my code becomes way more complicated than it actually has to be which makes my code difficult to read.
